Welcome to my expense tracker repository.

- INTRODUCTION

This web app is currently on development and when finished and on production it's gonna be just for personal use. 
However, I wanted to keep the source code free for anyone to see, and it was my intention to use this as part of my portfolio (currently pending).

I was learning while writing this app some of the nodejs's express framework and mongoDB, aswell as practicing some of my reactJS skills, since I'm very interested in web development.

- ABOUT THE APP

The idea of this app came to me since I purchased a taxi at end of 2022, and I needed some easy way to keep track and access all of the incomes and spends generated by the asset, so I can keep organized my information and this way I can see how much I'm earning or how much I'm spending.
Something pretty basic, but it seemed like a good idea to make this a basic fullstack web app.

- THE FINISHED PRODUCT

It's my intention to make part of this app available when in production for anyone checking my portfolio to visit and test.
The idea is to implement a login (which I'm the only one allowed to access) and implement some kind of demo of the app with some fake data, this way anyone can take a look at the app, while the real information is not exposed.

When the app it's completed, I'll post a link right here for you to visit.
In the meantime, let me share with you some of the screenshots. (remember it's on development yet!).

Thank you for reading me :) 

- SCREENSHOTS DESKTOP

- SCREENSHOTS MOBILE

(pending)


